HDDS-11671. Refer to website for supported versions (#7412)
apache/ozone: SECURITY.md

## Supported Versions

> Supported versions of Apache Ozone can be found on the [Apache Ozone Downloads](https://ozone.apache.org/downloads/).

Reviewer: I would rephrase it a bit:

```suggestion
Please check the Apache Ozone [website](https://ozone.apache.org/downloads/) for the list of versions currently supported.
```

but further suggestions are welcome.

Author: I think this change is OK.

| 1.2.1         | :x:                |
| 1.3.0         | :x:                |

> | 1.4.0         | :white_check_mark: |

Reviewer: Is 1.4.0 still supported after 1.4.1?  How do we release a fix for 1.4.0?

Author: So we should only mark the `1.4.1` as "white_check_mark" right?
```suggestion
| 1.4.0         | :x: |
```

Author: Or we should delete this `SECURITY.md` file now, and put it to the website, in the future.

Reviewer: https://github.com/apache/ozone-site/pull/102

Reviewer: I think we should still keep `SECURITY.md`, but replace the `Supported Versions` table with a link to the website.
